---
title: User Guide
icon: material/book-open-page-variant-outline
---
# User Guide

PAIG offers tools designed to enhance the security and compliance of your AI applications. Whether you're using chatbots
internally, incorporating AI services into your products, or utilizing automated tools to process tasks like customer
support tickets or feedback, PAIG ensures that you maintain the highest standards of security and adherence to
compliance. It's tailored for businesses that value a robust yet straightforward approach to AI application governance.

To effectively manage and monitor your AI applications, you'll first need to integrate them with PAIG and set up the
necessary policies. After this setup, you'll be able to oversee your AI applications using PAIG's tools. For a
smooth start, PAIG comes pre-configured with sample AI applications. You can either explore using these samples or
introduce a new AI application to fully utilize PAIG's capabilities.


---


**Getting Started with PAIG: A Step-by-Step Guide**

1. **Begin with Exploration:** Familiarize yourself with PAIG's features using our Open Source Privacera SecureChat AI
   chatbot.
2. **Integration:** Link your existing AI application with PAIG. Begin with our built-in security and
   compliance policies to ensure an immediate protective layer over your AI processes.
3. **Adaptable Policy Customization:** Adjust the pre-set policies, ensuring they resonate with your unique business
   landscape and compliance requirements.
4. **Enhanced Observation & Reporting:** Institute detailed monitoring and reporting protocols for your AI application.
   This ensures you have a clear view of its operation, and any anomalies or concerns are promptly highlighted.
5. **Continuous Feedback Loop:** Regularly review the insights and reports generated by PAIG. Use this feedback to
   refine policies, ensuring your AI environment remains robust, compliant, and optimized for your business objectives.
6. **Engage with Support:** Whenever in doubt or when seeking advanced configurations, reach out to our dedicated
   support team. They are equipped to guide you in making the most of PAIG.

---
:octicons-tasklist-16: **What Next?**

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :material-book-open-page-variant-outline: __Read More__

    [About AI Applications](manage-applications/applications.md)

</div>
